--DISCLAIMER--
It is advised you have EA Desktop opened before starting or joining a server. This is due to the game having internal checks. If it doesn't detect EA Desktop opened, with an account that legitimately owns the game, none of the game's content will load, and you will end up in a black screen. 

Heeyyyooooo!!! What's up! Welcome to the readme for joining servers on Cypress! Let's get started.

We will be going over two ways to join servers, it depends if either:
A - The host is hosting a server through port forwarding
B - The host is hosting through Radmin.


-- IF HOST IS PORT FORWARDING --
1. Set up a username in the Username box. Character limit is 32.
2. Input the IP the host provides into the Server IP box.
3. If the host provided a password, you'll need to input that password into the box. Otherwise, keep it blank.
4. If the host launched the server with huge gameplay changing mods, you'll need to launch with them too.
(OPTIONAL) 5. If you wish to launch with any additional launch arguments, drop them in the Additional Launch Arguments box.

Once that's all done, click Join Server!
Congrats! You should be able to successfully connect to the server! Yippee!

-- IF THE HOST IS USING RADMIN --

1. Install Radmin if you haven't. You can get it at https://www.radmin-vpn.com/
2. Once Radmin is installed, click the Network tab on the top and click Join Network
3. Input the Network name and Password provided by the host, then join the network.
4. Set up a username in the Username box. Character limit is 32.
5. Input the IP the host provides into the Server IP box.
6. If the host provided a password, you'll need to input that password into the box. Otherwise, keep it blank.
7. If the host launched the server with huge gameplay changing mods, you'll need to launch with them too.
(OPTIONAL) 8. If you wish to launch with any additional launch arguments, drop them in the Additional Launch Arguments box.

Once that's all done, click Join Server!
Congrats! You should be able to successfully connect to the server! Yippee!

If you want to set up and host servers, Check out the HostingReadMe!